sports bar which nine is behind
building of the regional philharmonic often
collects its cozy walls not only
billiards lovers and good food but
small
greek but here's victoria here on
big screen are broadcast
football and handball battles
this was the place where the meeting took place
rotor fans with their club 5 year old
idol person who became a symbol
rotor last 16 years and summer
spindle
the neighbors felt the nine
your grand event phone
spindlers come
all types of services moup products clogged them
200 balls he became an idol of mashkov
city ​​fans and
football fans
keep it going oleg i think is not to create
last hero scored yet
thank you so much
and then to the Kremlin
to fans
Yes, and Oles dogovy our own team
in the second round
they are organized
very nice
two times easier
I will not be afraid of this word May
we went very big
on business trips
relations
team
what he
only on the eve of the Czech Republic’s midday is not accidental and
it is very honorable and I respect him very much
how do you like me like for all fans
I want to finish to the rescue
if someone now
Hard times
and again it was said I'm sure that
such fans
I do not doubt it at all
for the good of ours
I want to say only one thing scare me
sports city has a lot of it
great people many great
athletes
but about the event that
today we celebrate just love
outstanding
and even difficult
really pick a man
why can you compare
and generally
me personally it's a big holiday
because
Video already if assets Moscow
always rooted for the rotor
at un but when i arrived the ambulance realized
as much as I love him
and I will never give up as if there was no
Oleg is
its magnitude
considered to be of world value
best Russian football players
we may not even be too
undervalued
and generally as if our coaching
national team
Oleg spindlers began to play in the mouth
1990 flight of the second year and already the thirtieth
August 97 th scored his 100th goal
Moscow locomotive suffered then
then
and oleg was and greek authorities
Belgian Russian Business Club
first division championship
Kazakhstan and again return to native
rotor which already played in the second
division
However, season 2007 Oleg lowland if mother
from him reasons to finish the game failed and
see nobody the next year began
quickly not where it is and scored its hundredth
ball
in a match against Pavlodar Irtysh
in a meeting with fans
which informal is not
advertised in all courts
husband about a hundred of the most loyal fans
who gave the best scorer
a sign of respect to the statuette of Victor
a footballer with pro tour ball
on the chest t-shirt and the ninth number on
back thought first
take off kazakhstan congratulate him there
lot
eventually decided to wait until he
Volgograd will come and make a small
celebrations at the event with
congratulate the person on outstanding
achievement because 200 balls
professional career is powerless
outstanding achievements here but
give small keepsakes
dps sat on the neck
fan fans
when the spindle called he was long
I thought the Defense Ministry did not doubt a second
because he was
what's what and a in communicating with
by fans
never refused
Well, do not refuse to communicate to fans
this is professionalism
which is manifested not only in football
colin responses his days at the meeting every
anyone could take a picture with
idol take autograph and hold
in the hands of the same two hundredth ball which
flew into the net and in this step his alex
figured out the field ik veles volgograd me
very nice to see as soon as I
called and offered
meet i just didn't know what was not here
only my opinion
it is still very nice and
I am not very grateful for a woman